Update for #272 (#276)
samuelhwilliams/Eel: README.md

eel.my_javascript_function(1, 2, 3, 4)  # This calls the Javascript function
```

> The exposed name can also be specified with in a second argument. If your app minifies code during builds, you can use this to ensure that your functions will still be resolved on the Python side...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exposed name can also be overridden by passing in a second argument. If your app minifies JavaScript during builds, this may be necessary to ensure that functions can be resolved on the Python side:
```
